This new division of the Journal is specially designed to be of use to active Health Officers of the countries represented in the American Public Health Association. It will be unable to serve its true function unless the Health Officers are willing to coöperate by sending to the Journal copies of their reports, bulletins, new ordinances and personal information which will be of general interest. Furthermore it would be distinctly desirable if communications on subjects of general interest are submitted for publication in this division of the Journal. The management will further welcome any suggestions from Health Officers for the improvement of this division. All communications should be addressed to Selskar M. Gunn, Managing Editor, American Journal of Public Health, 755 Boylston St., Boston, Mass.
This new division of the Journal is specially designed to be of use to active Health Officers of the countries represented in the American Public Health Association. It will be unable to serve its true function unless the Health Officers are willing to coöperate by sending to the Journal copies of their reports, bulletins, new ordinances and personal information which will be of general interest. Furthermore it would be distinctly desirable if communications on subjects of general interest are submitted for publication in this division of the Journal. The management will further welcome any suggestions from Health Officers for the improvement of this division. All communications should be addressed to Selskar M. Gunn, Managing Editor, American Journal of Public Health, 755 Boylston St., Boston, Mass.
This new division of the Journal is specially designed to be of use to active Health Officers of the countries represented in the American Public Health Association. It will be unable to serve its true function unless the Health Officers are willing to coöperate by sending to the Journal copies of their reports, bulletins, new ordinances and personal information which will be of general interest. Furthermore it would be distinctly desirable if communications on subjects of general interest are submitted for publication in this division of the Journal. The management will further welcome any suggestions from Health Officers for the improvement of this division. All communications should be addressed to Selskar M. Gunn, Managing Editor, American Journal of Public Health, 755 Boylston St., Boston, Mass.
This new division of the Journal is specially designed to be of use to active Health Officers of the countries represented in the American Public Health Association. It will be unable to serve its true function unless the Health Officers are willing to coöperate by sending to the Journal copies of their reports, bulletins, new ordinances and personal information which will be of general interest. Furthermore it would be distinctly desirable if communications on subjects of general interest are submitted for publication in this division of the Journal. The management will further welcome any suggestions from Health Officers for the improvement of this division. All communications should be addressed to Selskar M. Gunn, Managing Editor, American Journal of Public Health, 755 Boylston St., Boston, Mass.
This new division of the Journal is specially designed to be of use to active Health Officers of the countries represented in the American Public Health Association. It will be unable to serve its true function unless the Health Officers are willing to coöperate by sending to the Journal copies of their reports, bulletins, new ordinances and personal information which will be of general interest. Furthermore it would be distinctly desirable if communications on subjects of general interest are submitted for publication in this division of the Journal. The management will further welcome any suggestions from Health Officers for the improvement of this division. All communications should be addressed to Selskar M. Gunn, Managing Editor, American Journal of Public Health, 755 Boylston St., Boston, Mass.
Doctor Armstrong uses New York City as an example in his thoughtful paper. What he says of school hygiene there will be found to apply with equal, if not greater, force elsewhere. There is always the danger that in the pressure of routine duties the larger objects are apt to be lost sight of. Doctor Armstrong's excellent analysis should make us pause and take stock of the broader views of the whole question of School Hygiene.
Doctor Billings discusses in this paper some of the subjects which must always be taken into consideration in controlling the communicable disease situation in any community-among these are the following: Registration, Recognition, Termination, Hospitalization, School Exclusion, Disinfection-and the Education and Instruction of Profession and Public.
Unemployment and under employment are topics that the average health officer pays little attention to. No one will deny the significance of unemployment when considered solely from the public health point of view. Men and women who are out of work or who are only working part time necessarily are unable to buy proper food and shelter which are so essential for their physical well being. Mr. McCrudden, in this paper, tells in an interesting manner how a number of unemployed men were given work through the Health Department of the City of Philadelphia. Not only did they benefit themselves but the work they did was a direct benefit to the entire community. This is a subject that health officials generally might well give more attention to.
This article by Doctor Wood is especially interesting to health workers and indeed to all readers of the Journal on account of the fact that it treats in a concise manner some of the fundamental points of importance known at the present time regarding this devastating disease. It is particularly suggestive as it indicates various ways in which state and local health authorities can direct their activities so that the people may be informed of the fact that early cancer is curable in most instances.
In this paper Mr. Routsong outlines a comprehensive program for workshop education and hygiene. Mr. Routsong's experience in this matter makes his statement extremely valuable to industrial hygiene workers.
Professor Winslow has collected in this paper some very interesting comparative statistics with regard to state health laboratories. The progress of public health laboratories in the United States has indeed been remarkable in the last few years. While we may congratulate ourselves on our advance, it is obvious that in many instances much may yet be done to make laboratory of greater value to the citizens of the state.
Doctor Chesley has worked out with great care and detail a system which works very well in Minnesota. His paper explains that system and tells exactly how it was applied in one epidemic.
Under the title here given, Doctor Lane discusses ringworm and favus of the scalp as communicable diseases. Reference is also made to infections following vaccination and finally Doctor Lane speaks of the problem of syphilis, of which he says, "We realize its importance but in most places we do nothing about it."
This symposium summarizes the opinions of several widely known health workers on the modes of infection, spread, prevalence and nature, epidemiology, and legislative and executive management of influenza and pneumonia-the two diseases which so greatly increased our morbidity rates during the winter season.
This paper has been prepared for the busy man who, while interested in infectious diseases, has not the time to follow up the literature on the subject constantly. Professor Arkin's contribution will also serve to refresh the memory of those who are actively engaged in health department work of all kinds.
The title of this paper well describes the scope of an important contribution to our rapidly advancing knowledge of sewage disposal.
Doctor Davis presents here the relation between the dispensary clinic and hospital to our so-called medical-social problems. He does away with the conception that these clinics are "charities" and describes the work as a necessary public health service.
The small town, large enough to need a system of sewerage but small enough so that the expense per individual installation is greater than in large cities, presents one of the acute problems of sanitary engineering. Mr. Hansen discusses some of the means employed to dispose of the wastes of small communities.
Dr. B. F. Knause of the New York City Health Department here discusses the various types of disinfection as tested out in New York City, and compares terminal cleansing and terminal fumigation.
Ohio has taken a leading place in the sanitary and hygienic phases of industrial life. The Industrial Commission and the State Board of Health are in coöoperation in their efforts along this line.
Doctor Mann's paper not only presents the specific problem indicated in the title, but also deals with some problems which are sure to command an increasing amount of attention on the part of health administrators, particularly the relationship between wages and health.
In this paper Doctor Hayhurst describes the six classifications for hazardous occupations which were employed in a survey made in Ohio. He also explains, by text and diagram, the process of analyzing, upon a standard formula, the hazard of an individual case.
Doctor Farnum points out the value of coöperation between medical and safety departments with an object of fitting the man to the job for which he is physically fit, a means of reducing accidents. This paper tells what one company has done.
In this rather brief paper, Doctor Rankin outlines the problem which was the subject of an interesting and important session of the meetings at Rochester.
This paper has especial interest for the laboratician and dairy inspector, and general interest to everyone. Mr. Laboratician, do you test for "number" or "kind?" Mr. Inspector, do you work in coöperation or in opposition to the laboratory? Doctor North is well suited to write on the milk question, and he discusses in a clear and convincing manner the many problems essential to the maintenance of the health standard of this industry.
Mr. Feezer, a member of the bar, has been practicing health rather than law and through his association with the Massachusetts and New York State Departments of Health, is well qualified to interpret this difficult phase of the health problem. In this article he places nuisances in their proper position and explains the most effective methods with which to accomplish their abatement.
In a remarkably clear and lucid style, Mr. Brown states the manner in which the largest city in the country has dealt with the problem of controlling its milk supply. While the essentials of the system are few, their execution is a big task. Read what Mr. Brown has to say about it.
We can scarcely understand why certain sections of the lay mind still look with horror upon inoculation, in spite of the many proofs of its efficacy. This excellent paper, in which is discussed the attack-rate among inoculated persons, adds to the proof, if proof be needed, a convincing argument.
In this paper the author attacks this vice from a new angle. Continue the restriction of the supply, but also cure the users.
Doctor Rand herein reviews some of the recent work done in other countries in connection with the problem of industrial poisonings as distinguished from infection.
Dr. Meigs is connected with the Children's Bureau of the U. S. Department of Labor. In this paper she reviews some of the methods of attack which have been employed with success in dealing with the infant mortality problem.
Large health departments, like large industries, are able to employ specialists to care for various details of their work. The small city health officer must often do the things that are done by a half dozen different people in the city. Doctor Park points out some of the important distinctions.
This paper not only contains Doctor Knopf's own valuable conclusions upon the subject presented, but it is also a compendium of the opinions which Doctor Knopf has secured from a number of other eminent physicians.
One million, two hundred and fifty thousand individuals were treated in one hundred and twenty-two clinics in New York City in 1913 for venereal disease, yet in most of these clinics one could not determine the results of such treatment. Mr. Platt in this paper criticizes the filing systems in general use in these clinics and suggests a remedy in the form of a cross indexing by diseases.
The keynote to the betterment of conditions of industrial occupation is education. Such education cannot be limited to one class but must include all units of society. Doctor Schereschewsky here discusses the type of education necessary to each unit, the worker, the medical profession, the general public, and suggests methods by which results may be effected.
Dr. Josephine Baker, as director of one of the most important bureaus in the New York City Department of Health, has become one of the country's best known women health workers. Her experience in the matter of which this paper treats has naturally been very extensive.
Public health officials, the medical profession generally, pharmacists, lawyers, legislators and the public have all watched with interest the working of the Harrison Act, by means of which the federal government has taken part in the effort to control the narcotic drug traffic. In Doctor Terry's city, special efforts have been made in this respect.
The New York State Health Department last year enacted a Sanitary Code which regulates the sale of milk in every rural community in the state. Doctor Williams tells something of how it has worked.
The authors in this paper discuss the methods employed and the results obtained in the bacteriological analysis of the water about St. Louis, with the view ultimately establishing definite modes of procedure for such analysis.
The standards suggested in this paper are the result of a study of the operation of filtration plants in Maryland upon which the writer was detailed under the general direction of Mr. R. B. Morse, Chief Engineer, Maryland State Department of Health. Acknowledgment is given here both to him and the writer's brother, Dr. Leo Wolman, for helpful criticism of the various statistical problems involved in the discussion.
Dr. Williams emphasizes the importance of discussing rural sewage or a rural problem and remembering that it is not to be dealt with successfully unless it is distinguished from the city problem.
In this paper a man not professionally engaged in public health work but familiar with the difficulties of rendering vital statistics useful in that work and technically trained to cope with such difficulties, discusses some of the important features of "The Book-keeping of Public Health."
Doctor Caverly is in charge of the public health in a state of small cities, but nevertheless a state in which public health work is conducted along very advanced lines. In this paper he reviews the present situation and points out some of the advantages of the isolation hospital and suggests how rural communities can best proceed to secure one.
The Journal is presenting this year a number of articles on the educational side of health work. We believe that our readers are finding these articles both interesting and helpful. The educational work of the North Carolina department is well known. This paper by Mr. Booker is therefore one of the valuable contributions to this group of papers.
The purpose of this important paper by Doctor MacCurdy is to point out why psychiatric clinics in the schools may offer reasonable hope of reducing insanity in the later life of the pupils. And since it is undoubtedly true that the next problem of public health administration will be concerned with mental disorders, where better to begin than with the school child?
Formerly the problem of mental hygiene was considered too large and indefinite a problem to be considered from the public health viewpoint. But if this problem be divided into its constituent parts, most of these parts, considered separately, are manageable. Doctor Williams here discusses two of these groups-alcoholic and syphilitic insanities.
The causal factors of mental disorder or maladjustment are either in the individual himself, or environmental. It is with this later case that the author chiefly deals, and calls to our attention some of the factors in our social organization which touch upon the problem of the formation of habits of adjustment, and which determine the nature of the environment to which the individual must adjust himself.
Doctor Rosanoff in this excellent paper presents, for our consideration, facts which in the future must yield the coöperation between the psychiatrist and the public health official.
Malaria constitutes one of the big national health problems, and because it is a common disease, it receives less consideration than many other diseases less destructive. Doctor Trask here discusses the past and present distribution of this disease and the necessity for an organized fight against it.
At the recent Forty-fourth Annual Meetings of the American Public Health Association, Cincinnati, Ohio, there was held a Round Table Discussion on Infantile Paralysis, in which health authorities throughout the country took part. This discussion was held under the auspices of the Section on Public Health Administration. Dr. George W. Goler, Health Officer of Rochester, N. Y., Chairman of this Section, presided. We take great pleasure in being able to reproduce for readers of the Journal what took place at this most important session.
Doctor Perkins tells how one feature of health department routine is carried out in one of our large cities. This is a well written paper which will prove of particular interest to laboratory workers and communicable disease men.
Dr. Crum shows that infant mortality is largely related to season and place. The effect of these factors is greatest where extremes of temperature and humidity are greatest. He suggests for the most hopeful method of attack the education of the mother. He lays emphasis on the importance of breast feeding.
That public health administration is really a business is the message of Dr. Dowling. It will not be successful without business methods. These must include well-trained, full-time health officers and adequate appropriations.
In a paper that has the additional merit of brevity Mr. Ewing goes direct to his point, tells what he has seen and suggests that weather may be related to results.
Dr. North knows what he is writing about. No food industry is so much discussed as the production and marketing of milk. Everyone engaged in it places the responsibility somewhere else. Dr. North goes to the root of the matter with facts and figures, and shows lack of coöperation, coördination and organization.
This diary of one day's potential contact infection opportunities ought to have its lesson for everyone, health officer or private citizen. It is a story that fits into every man's life and its moral, "Watch and Wash your hands," is an admirable health slogan.
Miss Lathrop, who is a leader in the country-wide movement to save the babies, tells us in this article how an insufficient wage, a mother who is obliged to labor, and a community that is careless about its housing, constitute three very important factors to the infant mortality.
This is a short and direct story in a matter in which everyone is interested, canned goods. The author shows the need of standardization and says a few things about milk.
Dr. Bishop here takes up the discussion of one of the greatest problems of the day. This is one of two sterling papers presented at Chicago, for the publication of which the Journal has had a good many requests. It is the intention to follow this by Dr. Bishop's second address to make the story the more complete.
There were a great many problems at Hog Island and the mosquitoes formed one of no mean magnitude. What Dr. Royer and Mr. Emerson have done is given in considerable detail because the paper tells other men in other malarial districts what can be done; how to organize and how to accomplish results.
Dr. Kahn goes at the technical details of his examination directly and clearly. He presents the results of experience for the benefit of others in proper sequence and without argument.
Major Sawyer asks this question,-"The army is being sent home clean. Will your community make it easy or difficult for the men to remain so?" His short paper is an introduction to the longer one that follows it.
In the serious effort that is under way against venereal disease, in which the eyes of the people have been opened and their sympathy enlisted, there are many phases. This author presents a connected statement of the great broad work, its crying needs and the steps that have been taken to meet the need.
Miss Rude presents a ringing appeal for standardization and co-operation in child saving. She demonstrates that this work is fundamental in any well-conceived public health planning. She has a story of accomplishments which is backed by facts and figures.
Everybody seems to realize the importance of mental hygiene, yet no one seems to know just how to begin. Dr. Hincks strikes the key-note of the situation. He says that the experimental stage is passed. It needs the backing of public opinion and the sound financial footing of support from public health funds.
The endemic index is a time saver for busy health officials. It permits the delegating of enormous routine work to a clerical staff. By the devices a serious condition is automatically brought to the attention of the staff, who notify the chief.
Dr. Davis emphasizes the wastefulness of present methods of family doctoring. He says that the existing system should be replaced by a co-ordinated one, which for the poor is exemplified in hospitals and dispensaries. He pleads for efficiency in the treatment of the man of moderate income as well as for the penniless.
"Health officers need the wisdom of a Solomon, the patience of a Job, and the shrewdness of a Sherlock Holmes," said one of them out of his own experience. Dr. Craster here supports this idea in part and presents some of the intricacies of health administration.
Before the war there had never been presented to food experts in this country an opportunity for the extended study of nutrition comparable to that afforded these investigators. Their report sets forth details of observations which support the "training ration," which is appetizing and secures a proper distribution of the nutrients.
Risk of infecting the hand through careless dishwashing, mess-kit washing being the method considered, has already been discussed by this author. Here he follows up field observation with laboratory tests. He oxonerates home dishwashing and states that it is not a major route of hand infection.
"Why should not cities solve their milk problems as they have those of water supply?" queries Dr. Koehler. From the vital statistics of a metropolis he asserts relations between food inspection and typhoid and between pasteurization and infant mortality. He considers accurate information on dietetics a necessary health measure.
These authors call attention to the fact that the "safety test" used in the detection of B. tetani is not quite so "safe" as the cultural test.
There are eight classes of men in the military hospital including attendants, and for each class there should be a different dietary. Major Hoskins explains this, tells clearly the common sources of waste of food, notes the amount, and suggests lines of conservation.
A helpful report of progress in an official New York State test. It shows defects in current practices, emphasizes the relationships of budget to results, notes the value of spot maps, and dwells on the importance of all public health education.
"Rural schools are neglected and insanitary," is the motif of this essay. There are four times as many mental defecitves as in the city, while half the children have enlarged tonsils, etc. This author calls for reform here if as a nation we are to hold our place in the world.
Dr. Bishop tells us that drug addicts are sick men and not criminals. They ought to receive treatment instead of being sent to jail. Medical, legislative and popular ideas are all in error. He calls for a revolution to wake up the doctors and educate the people.
What do the working people omit from the table when food is dear? How much does old "H. C. L." reduce their nutrition? How many women are forced into shops; how many children obliged to labor? These are the health problems that Dr. Harris has been investigating in New York City among large groups of the population.
Colonel Whitmore tells in plain language just what lipovaccines are and within what limits their usefulness lies. His paper will dispel any misunderstanding about them in the minds of those not specialists.
This investigator presents a detailed discussion of certain types of avian bacteria, which will be of interest to specialists. He notes some reactions not observed before and the agglutinative relations.
Twelve thousand persons in West Virginia are afflicted with goiter, which is nevertheless a disease little considered in the United States. It is endemic in New Hampshire and other mountain regions. Mr. Tolman assembles what is known of its causes and distribution.
In Porto Rico, where half the older Spanish soldiers and one-quarter of an American army of occupation had venereal infection, isolation and care of prostitutes reduced the increase to only four new army cases in six months among twelve thousand men. This shows the possibilities of prevention.
Protection of the industrial worker is the key-note of this story. Difficulties which an important government agency discovers are set forth, and the author tells how to overcome them, not forgetting first, the education of the people which must be the foundation of all reform.
Few health officers know where Federal health authority comes from. Dr. Goodnow unravels the legal maze and tells them it is a function of Commerce and of the power of Congress to lay taxes and duties. Public Health is therefore national in foundation and application.
The "dangerous tendency" is that towards a division in Federal and state health administration. Its remedy lies in planning and developing a strong, alert Federal health agency properly related in its activities to the public health interests of the States.
An investigation of the origin of members of the colon-aërogenes group. "High ratio" aërogenes come probably from grains or cereals, while "low ratio" colon betoken probable human contamination.
Eight million food animals die each year from disease and exposure on ranches and farms. A million more are condemned in the abattoirs. This waste calls for preventive work, which is under way, and for conservation through utilizing better the coarser meats and the fats. Here is advice for wasteful Americans, who usually take only the best.
In England a link has always existed between the central and the local health administrative bodies. This has been helpful in solving problems, standardizing methods, and stimulating local effort through-out the Kingdom.
Since the cessation of hostilities in Europe health officers have been asking "What is the Red Cross going to do in Public Health?" Dr. Farrand here assures the public health profession that the Red Cross proposes to be a coöperative agency and not unless circumstances seem to demand it, an operative one.
How far should the Federal Government go in dictating state health policy? Dr. McLaughlin says that it should coördinate state departments just as these coördinate the departments of cities. "The United States Public Health Service," he says, "has a detailed, comprehensive nation-wide program for every public health problem, but these programs can not be put into effect without adequate funds."
Out of 13,460 soldiers at Camp Wheeler who were vaccinated with pneumococcus lipovaccine less than one in one hundred was sick enough for the hospital. The camp pneumonia rate for unvaccinated soldiers was five times (crude) or twenty times (corrected) that for vaccinated. Civil life has important uses for such vaccination.
In the search for the cause of such an important a disease as influenza, negative evidence with anaërobic cultures is of distinct scientific value. Professor Norton here presents conclusions derived from a careful series of investigations.
This is only a report of progress, negative in parts, in a very elusive matter. Ptomaines are not responsible; microörganisms only partly so. Further investigation is suggested along the lines of a search for possible heat-labile toxins.
Here are hints of value for community medical service as well as for that of a school. Few colleges have developed a real health service for their students, but there are many that need one. The development at the University of Michigan, with five years of experience, ought to be helpful to institutions throughout the country.
This is one of the helpful hints for health officers that the Journal intends to present once in a while. The question about interpretation was asked and Dr. Castleman prepared an answer. It was so good an explanation that it seemed worthy of wide distribution, and here it is.
Only seventy per cent of American men fit for full military duty was the verdict of the draft. Surgeon General Blue emphasizes the need of public health education, child hygiene, industrial hygiene, rural sanitation, pure water, pure milk, sanitary sewage systems, better disease notification and campaigns. A comprehensive program!
Eight defenses against disease in Army camps are outlined by Major Soper. The information is valuable for civil administration as well as military. The lines include draft examination, detention, instruction, camp construction, literature, coöperation between military and civil authorities, daily inspection, quarantine and the hospital.
What an up-to-date Federal Health Department should undertake to do, is set down by Dr. Bryce in eight direct statements. Among the functions are; to direct legislation, collect information, educate the public, stimulate baby hygiene, establish nursing systems, look after immigrant inspection, and equip health research laboratories.
"What constitutes a nonresident death?" is a very vexing statistical question. Much propaganda and commercial announcement depend on how the term is interpreted. Dr. Eichel gives some formulated rules, and presents some illustrative tables.
Practical pollution-meter provided. Why not express results directly in terms of bacteriological findings? Simplest of scales has mathematical as well as technical advantages. A long step towards solving some of the annoying troubles of bacteriological computation.
Ventilation is a much discussed matter in which doctors and engineers are by no means all agreed. Mr. Reed presents a comprehensive, up-to-date consideration that is enlightening. He says that the last word has not been said yet. Note his careful bibliography.
